CS441 MySQL Database Android App

My app is called Speedy Clicker. Its vibe follows that of an old-time arcade game. I came up with this game design because from a young age, my parents would love to take me to arcades and just let me play games with them. I keep those experiences close to my heart and wanted to think of something similar.
That is the inspiration behind the design of the game, sort of arcade-y. For the game idea, I was talking to a friend who told me he and his brother used to love playing a certain app on their iPods where you click on the screen nonstop for a certain allotted time frame. Once time was up, their score was shown on the screen. And they could retry the game as many times as they wanted. I thought
making a game like that seemed really cool, which is what backed my decision up. After that, I implemented Google Volley to post scores to the mySQL database. Based on the date I am submitting this project, I will admit I had a very hard time figuring out this project compared to any of the others, this was unlike anything I had ever done before. But I loved every second of it and am happy I was challenged
and now know a useful tool I can use in the future at job interviews. I am grateful for this opportunity and being able to create a game like this!

This app was worked on in two different repos. The first repo can be found under "https://github.com/emilylakic/cs441-highscorestoweb".
I will document the work I did on each day beginning with that repo. 11/15/2019: Added text fields for high score, achievement, etc. 11/18/2019: Figured out what game I was going to build.
For each box that would represent a bouncing rectangle, I determined the widths and heights. 11/22/2019: For each box, I determined the correct coordinates within the app, set colors, and added a score label.
I decided to switch to a separate repo when I could not come up with a clever idea for this app, nor was it something I would be passionate about doing/pursuing. This is when I created this repo, mysqldatabase.
11/27/2019: This time, rather than working on a specific game, I wanted to focus on learning how to post scores to the database first. I looked into how to make a leaderboard and achievements screen and began to implement them. 11/28/2019: Tried to get apiClient to work. 
I really did not know what I was doing. This is when I figured out the way I wanted to implement the leaderboard and achievements boards was deprecated. It was a little bit discouraging for me. 12/3/2019: On this day I decided Google Play Services probably was not the right way to go in terms of posting scores to the database. I had solely gone this route in the first place because of the two boards. I decided not to include them in the project
at all as they were not needed here. 12/9/2019: Today was the day I figured everything out. For 10 straight hours I put in work to make this app work, I was really determined!!! After A LOT research and frustration on the Web, I figured out that the best way for me to approach posting scores on the mySQL database was to use
Google Volley. I was able to follow documentation and after some time and a lot of thinking I figured out what I had to do. It was the most fun I had coding in a long time, and being able to spend the whole day on it made it more engaging and an even better experience. I was and still am excited about it.

